{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria Math;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\ri-489\sa160\sl360\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\lang9                                         \b CAB BOOKING SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS\par
INTRODUCTION\b0\par
A crucial part of our social lives is transportation. Without adequate transportation, modern world cannot go further. Numerous businesses offer transportation services to both individual and business consumers. In the current method, the customer contacts the transport firm first without considering the transportation service. The company then schedules the vehicle for him for the chosen date and time, and sends it to his location at the appointed time. The online service known as the online taxi booking system automates the cab booking procedure, saving time and resources for both the customer and the business. Prior to using the system, the company will register its cars as well as the vehicles. The customer will next submit a request for a vehicle reservation, including all essential details, for the date and time he has specified. Clients should confirm the calculated fare. After then, at the appointed time and date, the employee will provide service to the client. A final chance for the customer to provide comments on the service received will come at this point. In order to make improvements in the future, the organisation can examine it and take the necessary action. \par
\b PURPOSE\par
\b0 This SRS document's purpose is to outline the software specifications needed by the Cabs. It is meant to be a comprehensive description of all the system's functions. The system's primary objective is to automate the procedure for online taxi reservations made through a mobile app or through a website. A future publication will contain specific design and implementation information.\par
\b PROJECT SCOPE\par
\b0 The goal of this project is to automate the process of calculating the fare, choosing an acceptable route, reserving a cab, gathering all relevant client information, and finally providing service to the client. The information needed by the system is kept in a database, which serves as the hub for all client and staff data and the foundation for the rest of the process once the initial application has been submitted. Because of this, processes may be greatly boosted up and streamlined, which makes the tasks of those involved easier. While supporting the current procedure, it is centralised and allows for quicker and simpler decision-making.\~\par
\b OBJECTIVES OF THE PROPOSED SYSTEM\par
BENEFITS OF THE PROPOSED SYSTEM\par
\par
ACTORS\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\ri-489\sa160\sl360\slmult1\qj\b0 Admin\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Customers\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Drivers\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Finance\par

\pard\ri-489\sa160\sl360\slmult1\qj\b REQUIREMENTS\par
\ul USER\ulnone        \par
Login Page\b0\par
The login page should load when the user accesses the website. The user should be able to enter their username and password after the login page has been opened. Fields are:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri-489\sa160\sl360\slmult1\qj\b Username - \b0 Username can be Email id or Mobile number.It should be a mandatory field and Should not start with a zero or any special characters. \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Password - \b0 Password should consist of min of 8 characters including uppercases, lowercases, special characters and numbers.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Sign-Up Button - \b0 The user can choose whether they registered using their email address or mobile number using a separate option. Signup for the ones who have no account in the app\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Forgot password - \b0 Thid field can be used to retain the account.\b\par

\pard\ri-489\sa160\sl360\slmult1\qj Registration Page\par
\b0 Customer needs to register with the booking system to enable his/her login to the system. Details like Name, Email, Password, gender, and Mobile should be gathered when a new user signs up. There should be a link to the Login page after signup.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri-489\sa160\sl360\slmult1\qj\b Name - \b0 Name field Should not include any special characters or numbers. Seperate fields can be provided for First name and Last name and it should be a Mandatory field. \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Email \b0 - Email text field should contain mail id with an @ symbol. Any other mail id without an @ symbol is invalid. \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Mobile\b0  -  Mobile number should exactly contain 12 digits and a + symbol including the country code. No other special characters are allowed.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Password -\b0  The password should be able to be validated in order to determine if it is strong or weak. Password should contains atleast a length of 8 characters.  A registered user cannot register again, which the sign up page should confirm.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Gender \b0 -  Gender field can consist of a drop down menu to select the options from within it.\par

\pard\ri-489\sa160\sl360\slmult1\qj\b Home Page\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri-489\sa160\sl360\slmult1\qj\b0 Search - The home page must include a search function. The journey destination, starting point, time, and number of passengers must all be entered in the search option. After pressing the submit button, you'll be taken to the page for booking cabs.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Destination - Destination should be selected from the live google map location.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Starting point - Starting point should also be selected from the live google map location.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Time - Time should be clearly specified.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Number of Passengers - Passenger number should be only integer number and should not be a floating point. \par

\pard\ri-489\sa160\sl360\slmult1\qj  \b Booking Page\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\ri-489\sa160\sl360\slmult1\qj It should be possible to manually enter the user's location on the booking page, or the page should ask for permission to read the user's location. The client can select the car for the trip after inputting the starting and ending locations. From this page it will be redirected to payment page.\par

\pard\ri-489\sa160\sl360\slmult1\qj          \b Payment page\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\ri-489\sa160\sl360\slmult1\qj\b Calculate cost: \b0 Calculates the cost of the trip between the destination and the starting point. \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Tax Details: \b0 It include the applicable tax on the payment page. \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Payment option:  \b0 The payment option must offer the choice of paying with wallets like Google Pay and Phone Pe, among others. \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Download Invoice: \b0 The user will be given the opportunity to download the invoice for future use after it is generated..\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Order Details: \b0 The Order page should have details about the previous orders of the customer and there should be an option for rating the cab driver after a successful ride. \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Report Complaint: \b0 There should be an option to register the complaint or report the cab details to the admin.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Cancel the booked cab: \b0  Cancelation of the booked cab can be done there should have an option to cancel the order.after cancellation amount paid by user should be refunded to the user.\par

\pard\ri-489\sa160\sl360\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\ri-489\sa200\sl360\slmult1\qj\ul\b ADMIN\ulnone\par
Admin Login page:\par
\b0 Admin panel is the one which controls the entire software and its working. The home screen should be properly organized with a navbar for various navigation. It should contain the following fields:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\ri-489\sa200\sl360\slmult1\qj User name Field: Username must be unique.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Password: Password should be encrypted and must contain a minimum of 8 letters.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Login Button - After clicking login button Admin must be able to access the admin dashboard.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}After verifing the user name and password, it will redirect to admin home page .\par

\pard\ri-489\sa200\sl360\slmult1\qj\b Admin Home page:\par
\b0 The admin has the access to:\par
Number of users and their details, the number of cabs and their details. Here, the admin can keep a look on the app's overall performance as well as its profitability level, user experience, and user feedback and reports.\par
\par
\ul\b DRIVER\ulnone\par
Driver login Page:\par
\b0 The user name and password entry areas for the drivers are on this page, which also has a visually appealing design. Once the user name and password have been entered, click the login button to proceed. If they don't already have one, they must select the sign up option, which will send them to the signup page.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\ri-489\sa200\sl360\slmult1\qj Input field for entering user name and password.\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Forgot password option\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 login button\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Sign up option\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 If clicking login button they will redirect to Driver-Home page.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}If clicking sign up button they will redirect to registration page\par

\pard\ri-489\sa200\sl360\slmult1\qj\b Driver-Registration page:\par
\b0 This page is used to register the contact information for taxi drivers and their taxi company. This page also verifies the accuracy of the user's entered information.\b\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\ri-489\sa200\sl360\slmult1\qj\b0 Name Field: Field for entering name of the customer.Only one text field is required for capturing the first name and last name. \b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Upload Driving License: Option for providing the details of the driving license should be there.\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Vehicle information - Field for capturing vehicle number and also option for uploading the Rc, Tax details etc.\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Vehicle type details - Details like seat capacity, Ac / Non-Ac \b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Submit button - After clicking the submit button, all details should be saved and it redirects to the login page.\par

\pard\ri-489\sa200\sl360\slmult1\qj\b Driver-Home page:\par
\b0 Booking derails can be viewed from this home page. The drivers should also be able to get notification if the cab is booked. Once the cab is booked the status of the availabity of the cab should be updated automatically. They should be able to get the following details in the home page: \par
\f1\u10625?\f0  Destination, Starting location.\par
\f1\u10625?\f0  Name of the customer.\par
\f1\u10625?\f0  Time and location specified by the customer.\par
Employees\f2  \f0 should\f2  \f0 be\f2  \f0 able\f2  \f0 to\f2  \f0 get\f2  \f0 the\f2  \f0 details\f2  \f0 of\f2  \f0 their\f2  \f0 daily\f2  \f0 working\f2  \f0 and\f2  \f0 performance\f2  \f0 evaluation\f2  \f0 details\f2 . \f0 They\f2  \f0 should\f2  \f0 be\f2  \f0 also\f2  \f0 able\f2  \f0 to\f2  \f0 view\f2  \f0 the\f2  \f0 following\f2  \f0 details\f2 : \f0\par
\f1\u10625?\f2  \f0 Working\f2  \f0 hours\f2  \f0 and\f2  \f0 travelled\f2  \f0 distances\f2 . \f0\par
\f1\u10625?\f2  \f0 Ratings\f2  \f0 and\f2  \f0 feedbacks\f2  \f0 from\f2  \f0 the\f2  \f0 customers\f2 . \b\f0\lang9\par
\b0\par

\pard\ri-489\sa160\sl360\slmult1\qj\par
\ul\b\par
}
 